chore(docs): mentioning disabled-by-default websocket API (#2831)
eqlabs/pathfinder: docs/docs/interacting-with-pathfinder/websocket-api.md

- **Pathfinder Extension**  
  Exposed via `/ws/rpc/pathfinder/v0_1`

> Note that the WebSocket interface is disabled by default; to enable it, use the `--rpc.websocket.enabled` parameter. You can configure the default root endpoint (i.e., `/ws`) with the `--rpc.root-version` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The WebSocket interface is disabled by default. To enable it, use the `--rpc.websocket.enabled` CLI flag. The default root endpoint (e.g., `/ws`) can be configured using the `--rpc.root-version` flag.
```

Author: Well, `--rpc.root-version` isn't a flag... Also, i.e. ("that is") is IMHO correct here - `/ws` isn't an example, but the default...
